Labs Blog alt text mini sprint! (#2)
isabela-pf/quansight-labs-site: posts/2021/07/better-interractive-jupyter-session-with-pyflyby.md

workflows in Python. Pyflyby provides a number of utilities and extensions aimed
at making day-to-day work in Python faster and simpler.

> ![ gif of pyflyby in action, IPython is opened, typing cos(arange(10))
> automatically import arange and cos from numpy before executing the
> code.](/images/2021/07/pfb-autoimport.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Code which does not import NumPy, but does use NumPy methods, is evaluated in
a fresh IPython session. pyflyby automatically imports these methods from NumPy
before successfully executing the code.](/images/2021/07/pfb-autoimport.gif)
```

the first cell of one's notebook:

> ![ pyflyby-jupyterlab animation, executing the second cell with missing imports
> still import those and insert them in the first cell](/images/2021/07/jlpfb.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Fresh Jupyter session with two cells: the first imports Matplotlib, and the
second plots using both Matplotlib and NumPy. Upon execution, jupyterlab-pyflyby
automatically adds the missing NumPy import in the first cell, and then
successfully renders the plot.](/images/2021/07/jlpfb.gif)
```

[<matplotlib.lines.Line2D object at 0x132981940>]
```

> ![ using pyflyby from bash to plot with matplotlib with above snippet, at matplotlib widow is open and show the plot.](/images/2021/07/py-exec-matplotlib.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Bash shell where the py command is passed a string argument, which is code
that renders a Matplotlib plot using methods that were not imported. The plot 
successfully renders. The Python code used is printed, which contains the
automatically inferred imports and ends with the passed code.](/images/2021/07/py-exec-matplotlib.png)
```
